I want to know the exact situation of Luna now
Fourth Young Master, how many times have I called for you?
Luna also has sad songs to protect, she must be fine
Don't worry.
It's not that I don't know
In the fraud park, a person was still there for a minute
The next minute they're gone.
Call hey hey it's me call me
But I always play this with Fei Ge
He must be suspicious
Why don't you change it?
Ah!
Fucking found it and had to skin him
Hello who is feeding Ah Bao
It's me, Kai
How's business lately?
By the way, I'm short of people
Especially beautiful women
Hurry up and get me some people over and ask for people, okay?
A head 500,000
500,000 you are a lion
Why don't we talk about benevolence and justice?
It's not that I don't say it.
You also know that the wind is tighter now
It's double the difficulty for me to commit a crime against the wind.
Do you think this price has to be doubled?
Hey, okay, okay
I'll take care of the money
Oh, yeah, one more thing?
A few days ago I made a beautiful woman Internet celebrity
Little Luna
You can jump.
There is a park owner 2 million want someone
This bitch is so popular
I don't know where this bitch went, I'm looking for it
Talk to you later.